[1.0.x] Update release notes with known bugs for 1.0.0 release (#665)
kiegroup/kogito-cloud-operator: RELEASE_NOTES.md

- [KOGITO-3736](https://issues.redhat.com/browse/KOGITO-3736) - Reconciler error in Data index controller when KogitoRuntime is deployed

## Known Issues

> - The protobuf ConfigMap does not update in Spring Boot due to [this issue](https://issues.redhat.com/browse/KOGITO-3406).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The protobuf ConfigMap does not get updated in Spring Boot due to [this issue](https://issues.redhat.com/browse/KOGITO-3406).
```
